fix(config): wire up `Provider.Enabled` flag (#10804)
ipfs/kubo: docs/config.md

to have this disabled and keep the network aware of what you have, you must
manually announce your content periodically.

> [!CAUTION]
> Setting `Reprovider.Interval=0` will only disable the periodic reprovides.

> > New CIDs will stil lbe announced. To disable both, set [`Provider.Enabled=false`](#providerenabled) as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> New CIDs will still be announced. To disable both, set [`Provider.Enabled=false`](#providerenabled) as well.
```

Author: Good catch, I'll update this section, it is outdated.
